saucectl: Add settings for artifacts / artifacts download (#342)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/testrunner-toolkit/configuration/common-syntax.md

  mode: "sauce"
```

## `artifacts`

> __Description__: Allows you to define configuration relative to artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Description__: Specifies how to manage test artifacts, such as logs, videos, and screenshots.
```

> __Description__: Allows you to define configuration relative to artifacts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
__Description__: Allows you to configure how artifacts are handled.
```

__Type__: *object*

__Example__:
```yaml
artifacts:
  download:
    when: always
    match:
      - junit.xml
    directory: ./artifacts/
```

### `download`

> __Description__: Allows you to define configuration relative to artifacts downloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Description__: Specifies the settings related to downloading artifacts from tests run by `saucectl`.
```

> __Description__: Allows you to define configuration relative to artifacts downloads.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
__Description__: Allows you to configure when and which artifacts are downloaded.
```

__Type__: *object*

__Example__:
```yaml
  download:
    when: always
    match:
      - junit.xml
    directory: ./artifacts/
```

#### `when`

> __Description__: Defines when to download the artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Description__: Specifies when and under what circumstances artifacts will be downloaded.
```

__Type__: *string*

__Values__:
- `always`: Artfiacts will always be downloaded.
- `never`: Artifacts will never be downloaded.

> - `pass`: Artifacts will be downloaded only if suite pass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `pass`: Artifacts will be downloaded only if the suite passes.
```

> - `pass`: Artifacts will be downloaded only if suite pass.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `pass`: Artifacts will only be downloaded if the suite passes.
```

> - `fail`: Artifacts will be downloaded only if suite fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `fail`: Artifacts will be downloaded only if the suite fails.
```

> - `fail`: Artifacts will be downloaded only if suite fails.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `fail`: Artifacts will only be downloaded if the suite fails.
```

__Example__:
```yaml
    when: always
```

#### `match`

> __Description__: Defines the list of name patterns which artifacts must match to be downloaded. Wildcard character (`*`) can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Description__: Allows you to specify particular files or file types to download based on whether they match the name pattern provided. Wildcard character (`*`) is supported.
```

> __Description__: Defines the list of name patterns which artifacts must match to be downloaded. Wildcard character (`*`) can be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
__Description__: Defines the list of name patterns which artifacts must match to be downloaded. Supports the wildcard character `*`.
```

__Type__: *string[]*

__Example__:
```yaml
    - junit.xml
    - *.log
```

#### `directory`

> __Description__: Defines the folder where artifacts will be downloaded. Each suite will have its own subdirectory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Description__: Specifies the path to the folder location in which artifacts will be downloaded. Each suite will have its own subdirectory.
```

@FriggaHel -- how does this work? this value is a parent folder and saucectl will create child folders for each suite in the test project?

Author: That's exactly this !

> __Description__: Defines the folder where artifacts will be downloaded. Each suite will have its own subdirectory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
__Description__: Defines the folder where artifacts will be downloaded to. Each suite will have its own subdirectory.
```

> __Description__: Specifies the path to the folder location in which artifacts will be downloaded to. Each suite will have its own subdirectory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Description__: Specifies the path to the folder location in which artifacts will be downloaded. Each suite will have its own subdirectory.
```
